doc: Improve documentation for bl_storage and NSIB (#8948)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bootloader/bl_storage.rst

   :local:
   :depth: 2

The bootloader storage library is used to read and write one-time programmable (OTP) data and a non-volatile counter.
It may be used by both the |NSIB| (NSIB) and the application, but the application has read access only.

> The library has functions for either reading or writing, or in some cases both reading and writing, the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The library has the following functions for either reading or writing, or in some cases both reading and writing:
```

The provisioned data is stored in the one-time programmable (OTP) region of UICR, if available (for example, on nRF9160 and the nRF5340 application core).
In this case, it can only be read from applications that are in the secure domain.
If OTP is not available, the data is stored in a regular flash page, and the bootloader blocks write access to it before booting the next image.
In this case, some functions do not work when they are called from the application.
The library has functions for either reading or writing, or in some cases both reading and writing, the following:

The library stores the following data:

> * Image slot sizes

Reviewer 2: Does it not store the sizes anymore or is this information encoded in PM ?

Author: I can't prove a negative and I don't know the history. But I see no API or allocation in OTP for image sizes.

> * A monotonic counter

Reviewer 2: Should we add some information that this can be used for application versioning or is it too confusing?

> The OTP region of the UICR is used when present on the nRF SoC (e.g. nRF9160 and nRF5340), otherwise the internal flash memory is used.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The OTP region of the UICR is used when present on the nRF SoC (for example, nRF9160 and nRF5340), otherwise the internal flash memory is used.
```

> When the internal flash memory is used, the bootloader blocks the write access before booting the next image.

Author: A specific memory partition. Specifically the partition that this library stores data in.
